## Imaging Working Group Minutes

Thursday, 2025/09/18

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn

## Minutes

 - IntegrationExercise1 - iRODS S3 API
   - https://incommon.org/software/grouper/ 
   - Josh pushing to his zarr-pixel-buffer branch in his fork of this repo
     - https://github.com/irods-contrib/irods_working_group_imaging/compare/main...joshmoore:irods_working_group_imaging:zarr-pixel-buffer 
     - No updates since last month
   - Community pushing for cloud-only solutions, but cloud is expensive
   - This would allow OMERO to use cloud formats/assumptions
     - But with 'local' storage, cheaper and more manageable, sovereign
 - Next Meeting
   - October 2025
